# PHONE-CUSTOMER-SERVICE-PROJECT
The python program called phone customer service was designed to provide phone services like buy data, airtime and check balance for every user/customer. The aim of the program is to act as a substitute phone service but for all types of Sims instead. Every customer logins, picks a service, finishes it and then exits the program. 
The program has two functions called new user and old user which is where enables the user to login as a new member or an old member. In the function new user, the user gets to input his/her new username and password, which is then written in a file with the help of write in python. As for the function old user, the user also puts in the username and password and is either confirmed by the file or not. The program then has services like buy airtime, data bundle which are both done using functions while the other services like check balance, customer care, exit and activation/deactivation of Sims where written within the while loop.  The program made use of a while loop which allows the services to be displayed continuously to the user until he/she wishes to exit. The function airtime allows the user to purchase airtime while the function data bundle allows the user to make use of the airtime to buy data whether daily, weekly or monthly with the help of nested if and the global keyword. Other services like check balance displays the airtime and data balance of the user, customer care prints out a number for the user to call, activation/ deactivation gives each user an option to deactivate or activate then the user inputs the sim name and the number which then processed after a short while. The exit option confirms if the user wants to exit and then exits. Some variables were also declared for this program to work.  
